Capture and aggregate an ordered, manifest-defined cohort with exact resume.

Use this when a robustness grid is known before execution and every member is a
recursive override of one base inference spec. Put the grid in
specs/<name>.cohort.yaml:

  name: seed_sweep
  spec: probe
  members:
    - label: seed-10
      overrides:
        params:
          seed: 10
        inputs:
          - artifact: runs/seed-10
    - label: seed-20
      overrides:
        params:
          seed: 20
        inputs:
          - artifact: runs/seed-20

The base spec remains specs/probe.yaml. Mappings merge recursively; lists,
scalars, and explicit nulls replace the base value. Member order is significant,
labels must be unique safe path components, and a member cannot change the base
spec name.

dow fingerprints the normalized manifest and base spec, binds every declared file
or directory artifact by SHA-256, captures members in order, and checkpoints after
each durable version. Directory hashes bind the relative paths, sizes, and bytes of
all regular files and reject symlinks. The final aggregation contains exactly the
versions created for this manifest, never unrelated history.

After an interruption, use --resume. Resume fails closed if the base spec,
manifest, member order, overrides, artifact bytes, or captured version bindings
changed. If a process dies after committing a member but before saving its progress,
dow authenticates and adopts that exact next version rather than running it twice.
An existing cohort is never resumed implicitly.

dow supplies only these generic capture, identity, and resume mechanics. Your base
spec and project modules still own the operation, provider, metrics, aggregators,
plots, scientific labels, and decision rules. A process killed without normal
cleanup can leave .dow/locks/cohort-<name>.lock; remove it only after verifying that
the recorded PID/host no longer has an active writer.

@examples
dow cohort seed_sweep
dow cohort seed_sweep --resume
dow cohort seed_sweep --plot
